so with the deal done time for shakira
to get on a glad rags and while the
judges
hello what's your name Shakira how old
are you 44 and what are you gonna do
come be an sensor oh you're gonna dance
ready when you are
okay Amanda oh well I just thought you
were fantastic
I think you're shimmying was brilliant
and you just have the this likability
and cute factor doesn't she Simon oh
yeah she killed oh that was the
prettiest dress we've seen so far you're
the prettiest girl we've seen so far and
you're the best four-year-old salsa
dancer I've ever seen in my life here's
yes on earth definitely yes Amanda Oh
completely yes Shakira you're going
through to the next round
you